Schema Unique Limits.md (#4752)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/schema-unique-limits.md

> **How many unique event properties can be logged on the event details page?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How many unique event properties and trains can be logged on the event details page?**
```

> While you can track unlimited event properties and traits with Segment, the Schema page will have the following default limits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can track unlimited event properties and traits with Segment, the Schema page has the following default limits:
```

> * Properties: the event details page for a specific event can only show the first 300 properties by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Properties: The event details page for a specific event can only show the first 300 properties by default. 
```

> * Traits: the Identify page can only show the first 300 traits by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Traits: The Identify page can only show the first 300 traits by default.
```

> After you hit the limit for both properties or traits, future properties/traits are still tracked and sent to your Destinations, but they won’t appear on the event details page. This limit includes nested properties in an event’s properties object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you hit the limit for both properties or traits, future properties and traits are still tracked and sent to your Destinations, but they won’t appear on the event details page. This limit includes nested properties in an event’s properties object.
```
